add warnings for CentOS 7 usage (#19752)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-8.4.0.md

## Operating system and platform requirement changes

> Before upgrading TiDB, make sure your operating system version meets the [OS and platform requirements](/hardware-and-software-requirements.md#os-and-platform-requirements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before upgrading TiDB, ensure that your operating system version meets the [OS and platform requirements](/hardware-and-software-requirements.md#os-and-platform-requirements).
```
